You criticize the Lord God
rude
You are courting death, I am killing you
God is supreme
No offense.
But you are connecting and pretending to be the Lord God
Sin is unforgivable
you
Qiao Jishan
It's not your sister's turn to judge whether I'm impersonating or not
It's all your responsibility.
Ruin my life
I invite you to the Heavenly Gate Banquet this time
Just for revenge
It's not your honor to be the leader
It's your command house
Tianlongyuan, you are enough
Tianlongyuan, I am completely disappointed in you
I didn't expect you to do it for vanity
Even the Lord God dares to impersonate
Family Head Xiao has taken out ironclad evidence
You still don't admit it
When do you want to install it?
You are the one who completely let me down
It's time for this
Are you still willing to trust these outsiders rather than me?
Believe your lies
I don't want to talk to you anymore.
I'll tell you one more thing, and I feel sick.
I'll tell you what.
From today onwards
I'm breaking up with you
I don't believe it.
Okay, good one doesn't owe each other
Then I'll keep you for 3 days.
Come and take your dog's life in person in 3 days
I think today's goods are rich
There's no need to be malicious anymore
Are you still pretending?
I wonder if he is stupid or vain.
Young Master, the Xiao family is now favored by the Lord of God
Will you definitely get that trillion-dollar order in 3 days?
Of course I never heard from my dad
The message that the Lord has given us
It shows that the Lord God is particularly fond of our news
This project cooperation is naturally our Xiao family's
Young Master, I don't know if we can divide our Lin family a little bit.
As long as you are willing
In the future, any major or minor needs
Qianjiao dare not obey
Want a piece of the action
Sure
Come to Yunting Hotel to watch the big and small
Ah big and small
Don't worry.
We Qianjiao will definitely go to Yunting Hotel tonight
OK
Then see you at Yunting Hotel
Dad let's go